1:Program of comparing object whether they have same properties or not

Explanation:In this program we create two objects ob1 and ob2 that have same properties and values. we use object.getOwnPropertyNames() to get the properties of objects.
we also use Object.values() to get the values of object then we compare object based on their properties as well as values.

2:program about class and inheritence

Explanation: In this program first we creat two classes Bank and Customer using keyword class, then we make a Customer class as a child class of 
class Bank by using keyword extends (to achieve inheritence). we make a withdraw and deposit methods in Cutomer class that access the DepositProcess() and 
WithdrawProcess() methods of base class by using keyword super. in  base class(Bank) in the methods Depositprocess() and WithdrawProcess() we calling a 
method show() using this keyword that represent the reference of current object.

3:Destructuring assignments
Explanation: The destructuring assignment is used to unpack the values from arrays, or properties from objects, into different variables.
It uses similar syntax, but on the left-hand side of the assignment to define what values to unpack from the sourced variable. In above program
we also use ...rest. in this  ... is spread operator with varibale name rest. it take rest of the elements rather than 1 (a[0]).

4:Program of String and Template literals

Explanation: we use  double quotes (") or single quotes (') in string literals but we use back-ticks(`) 
in template literals. Template literals can contain placeholders. These are indicated by the dollar sign 
and curly braces (${expression}).As above code in template litrals we don't need to add \n to put a string into new line.
string.raw() method is a tag function, allows you to access the raw strings as they were entered, without processing escape sequences.

5:Conversing two arrays in one by using map ,arrow function and iterators.
Explanation: in this program to make third array a3 which contain values of both a1 and a2 arrays, we use symbol.iterator prortocol that
is used to make a1 iteratable. then we use  next() method which returns an object with two properties: value, the next value in the sequence;
 and done, which is true if the last value in the sequence has already been consumed.

6:Email validation using regular expression:

Explanation: In above program we use regular expression inside backslashes(/). in regular expression 
we divide it into four parts (in four () round brackets). the dtails of regular expression is following:
^ is used to indicate the begening of string.

-----first part------
[a-z] denotes alphabets from a to z.
\d denotes numarics  from 0 to 9
\. denotes . in string
+ it denotes one or more than one characters

for eg. sk623520

-----second part------
@ it must be present in a string
[a-z] denotes alphabets from a to z.
{2,10} it denotes the range  of character from minimum 2 to maximum 10

for eg. sk623520@gmail

-----third part------
. third part must be start with (.)
[a-z] denotes alphabets from a to z.
{2,10} it denotes the range  of character from minimum 2 to maximum 10

for eg. sk623520@gmail.com

-----fourth part------
. fourth part must be start with (.)
[a-z] denotes alphabets from a to z.
{2,10} it denotes the range  of character from minimum 2 to maximum 10
? make the fourth part opetional

$ is used to indicate the end of string.
for eg. sk623520@gmail.co.in
